[dnm] documentation changes for engine v29 (#23362)
docker/docs: content/manuals/engine/network/_index.md

---

Container networking refers to the ability for containers to connect to and
communicate with each other, and with non-Docker network services.

Containers have networking enabled by default, and they can make outgoing
connections. A container has no information about what kind of network it's
attached to, or whether its network peers are also Docker containers. A
container only sees a network interface with an IP address, a gateway, a
routing table, DNS services, and other networking details.

This page describes networking from the point of view of the container,
and the concepts around container networking.

When Docker Engine on Linux starts for the first time, it has a single
built-in network called the "default bridge" network. When you run a

> container with no `--network` option, it is connected to the default bridge.

Reviewer: nit 
```suggestion
container without the `--network` option, it is connected to the default bridge.
```
